one.
Hello, good afternoon. My name is Kyle
reporting live from Corn Valley and Lehi
CBTV. Thanks for having us. I'm joined
today by Toby who's recently won the
Duckwater contest [music] uh
championship world round here today in
2025. Toby, thanks for joining us today.
Can you give me your thoughts about your
performance?
Yeah, I just like to thank everybody for
coming out. You know, the competition
was great. Everybody did a really,
really great game. We had a really,
really great competition. You know, we
just had a really, really great game.
Everybody did a really, really great
job. We just had a great competition.
You know, it was really, really good to
see everybody perform and their best,
you know. Everybody had a great great
competition. Grateful for the
opportunity to be out here.
Wow. Thanks. What did you think about
going up against Kenna, the previous
world championship in round two.
Yeah. Yeah. She was she was great. She
played a great game. Played a great
game. Absolutely fantastic competition.
We had an absolutely great round. Really
grateful for the opportunity that we had
to both be out here tonight. You know,
really grateful that she made all the
effort. You know, she had played played
played a great game, but an absolutely
great game. You know, really grateful
for this opportunity.
Wow. Incredible. Thanks again, Toby, for
joining us. Back to you, Lily.